throughout the world we are taught that
the safest place for our money is in the
bank it's guarded it's insured it's 100%
safe but what if it wasn't as safe as
we've been told what if people started
quietly attempting to pull out their
money and then in a Snowball Effect
everyone rushes for the exits will the
insurance be able to handle this the
answer is quite obvious
you came here for the answer so let me
unveil that for you let's talk about
Italy today and so many other things
beginning with the situation of the bank
run you have this particular chart out
of the financial times depositors rush
to withdraw their cash from MPS this is
the bank that I discussed on this
channel here that was getting a
bailout so they set up basically uh 20
billion Euro fund that's supposed to
support this Bank of course that's not
enough but we'll see how it all goes
What's Happening Here is that the
individuals despite all the safeguards
that they've put in place individuals
are scared so they pull out their money
and that becomes a very very big problem
because of this thing called fractional
Reserve banking because of fractional
Reserve banking every time depositors
are pulling their money out of out of
MPS it it makes the amount that they
need to get back even worse because of
that fractional so this has been a very
big problem in the recent days for NPS
let's look at this out of Forbes
actually I was surprised that Forbes
really did some good damage here in this
article I was happy to see it in a
statement Monday evening the said uh the
bank said that the ECB warned of a quote
rapid deterioration
over the past month in the bank's
liquidity
position uh they had seen a large
outflow of deposits okay that's called a
bank run and it struggled in recent
months to raise Capital to meet the end
of the year deadline sep at the ECB to
shore up its balance sheet I think it
wanted to raise something like 5 billion
Euro couldn't even do that so consider
again the basic structure of fractional
Reserve we deposit our money in the bank
and then lend they lend it out to other
people we make short-term deposits and
they make long-term loans so this is the
way it works that's fractional Reserve
most of you know that I won't get into
it all right so then they discussed uh
insurance basically
100,000 Euro for any one person in any
Bank in the European Union today but
what concerns me is the fact that just
like the FDIC in the
US there isn't enough Insurance to go
around to actually bail out the
depositors so the Central Bank
ultimately would have to step in or it
would just steal people's money or say
look we don't have all of your 100,000
we only have 60,000 so you get to keep
that here you go one of the other things
that they noted in this article which
was interesting was if they feel
that this particular bank is dangerous
what about moving it to another bank
okay that could be something but what
about taking those euros and moving it
to a different country like Germany
where they would feel safer but it's
still the same
currency that could in fact be a good
idea for some of these people they may
be doing that right now I'm interested
to see how that plays
out and just keep your eyes on it and
just uh understand how this all works
because of that unified currency
speaking of
currencies if you want a good example of
what a flash crash looks like take a
look at this this is the Euro USD and
again I'll show you exhibit
B this is the USD CHF Swiss
frank you don't have natural
forces let's get the highlighter out
here Natural Forces see this is all
already manipulated but you can see
there's there's ups and there's downs
and there's ups and downs okay it's it's
erratic okay when you have a straight
line downward that's a
computer doing that and that's a flash
crash now in terms of actual percentages
it's not that high what it did but it is
showing you that these algorithms are in
fact controlling all the trades on the
market if it was an algorithm that
pushed it down this far look look at how
it was going over the day as I showed
you in the beginning there where it's
going up and down and up and down on its
way down sort of
slowly and that's with everything around
the world trading trillions of dollars
being moved in and out that's what it
does and then in a split second it goes
down like this Arrow I just drew
so how powerful then are these
algorithms well of course they're more
powerful than the natural forces of the
trading and to be honest with you
there's not much of that left but at
least there's some level in some cases
human intervention above those but in
others I think they're just going
wild all right let's look at the next
one
here this is um Switching
gears a statement by the
US specifically the US Embassy in
anara they actually had a bold-faced
lie going ahead
and denying what they had previously
admitted I just showed you recently
actually Hillary
Clinton this is a quote okay this is
from their own website from the US
embassy.gov
okay the United States St government is
not
supporting
Dash
Okay the US government did not create or
support dases in the
past assertions the United States
government is supporting Dash are not
true why don't you ask somebody named
Hillary
Clinton the fact that she said the
people we are fighting today are those
we had funded in the past of course
still going on today but at least it
shows you using their own
admissions
saying the actual truth coming here and
they're now denying that I think it's
really strange the way they do this that
you get these little tidbits of
information that are in fact true and
then they go ahead and deny it I mean
one time I'm hearing them say yes we're
supporting them and it's a good thing
because they're on our side the next day
they're saying no they don't exist the
next day they're saying no we're not
fighting Isis we're fighting isil you're
fighting the wrong guys over there oh no
it's not Al-Qaeda it's the Taliban oh
it's dases oh it's he's under there he's
under the carpet he's on the ceiling
he's on the roof he's uh in a hole and
we found him he's in the um Mountains
and the caves and we found him there you
know it's silly it's silly to play this
cat of Mouse um
quite frankly
it's just ridiculous anyway I thought
I'd share that with you just to show
their own
emissions we're looking at the trade
deficit in the US and it doesn't go with
any surprise that the US dollar being
stronger put the trade deficit uh in a
worse
situation ultimately when you have
exports any particular country that will
export its goods it's great when you're
currency is devalued that's what Mexico
did significantly a few uh I guess it
would be two decades ago
now and doing so was a way for them to
increase their exports get the economy
going again but of course it's not so
good in all ways because the individuals
here uh tend to lose out and this this
particular example increases the trade
deficit for the US and in sorry in
Reverse terms you don't want a strong
currency if you want to export a lot
that's basically what I'm trying to sum
up there and you could see we'll we'll
track this in the US dollar versus the
trade deficit uh over time I'd like to
see actually a chart of that I'll try to
get you guys one and to finish it off
Judicial Watch new Obama travel costs
bring 8year total can you believe it
over 96 million and if we go down uh to
here it's actually basically 97 7
million
wow 90 okay let's just let's just round
it here $100 million
okay for Obama to go on vacation
throughout his term I mean that's that's
not even what's the word Beyond
ridiculous I mean it's just $100
million and I've even seen reports I
mean I don't want to segue but I've seen
reports that
poverty could be eradicated for I forget
what it was let's say 150 million or or
something like this it's like a small
[Music]
number and this guy's going on vacation
and you know he's allowed to go on
vacation right but to spend $100 million
worth of the US taxpayer money on
vacation um no that's it's just not
that's not okay really
isn't and a lot of people say whatever
you know that's fine he could do
whatever he wants he's the president
this and that but ultimately you know
you're not leading by example you're not
being a good
leader and what
about you know doing something else to
reduce the cost on that I mean it's
ridiculous the the economy is suffering
so badly and you're going to spend $100
million over the course of
your your uh you know stay at the White
House anyway that's
all if you this video informative give
me a thumbs up if you like George
soros's eyebags give me a thumbs
down I forgot to bring up a picture for
that one but let's look at this here all
right there a review on my book and I
just I thought it was
interesting a couple things from this
the individual didn't like didn't like
me okay he obviously has seen my videos
and then went to Amazon and wrote a
review didn't read the book Let's I just
quickly want to show you this for those
who
care when you look at some of the
purchases here you'll you'll see a
verified purchase under the reviews okay
this
individual it's not there okay CU
anybody could technically if you have an
Amazon account anybody could review
anything okay so there could be fakes it
could be whatever but what you'll see
here is this
individual probably didn't read my book
if you read uh his review which I won't
read to you but basically what it said
was that there is not going to be a
crisis okay well what about the book
what about the author what about the
writing what about the beginning middle
and end what about anything any details
about the book
no it's none it just says that he thinks
there's going to be a crisis and there
isn't going to be and this is the kind
of thing that is what I would call fake
news okay they're reporting on it as if
it's some truth however there's no
evidence there's no details there's
nothing and that's what I want to bring
up the fact that when you're looking on
the internet when you're looking on any
uh anything you're watching basically TV
or magazines newspapers we got to cut
through the basically part of
my language you know we got to get to
the the real
stuff
and this is just a personal example but
we need to be able to segregate the
garbage from the truth so make that your
mission I think it's really important to
do
so if you found this video informative
you will definitely find my book The
Money GPS even more informative I've
taken this complicated subject and made
it very easy by using charts and
diagrams that will really explain this
well so if you want to look through the
book just go over to Amazon where they
have a look inside feature which will
allow you to flip through the pages of
the book and see if you like it take
care